# Project 0: Team Information

## Introduction

To start off this project, we want to ensure each team can properly utilize version control. Be cautious of merge conflicts and communicate with your team members constantly to avoid unnecessary problems. In this phase, you will get your team's repository set up and provide us with some basic information.

## Task 1: Fork the Template Repository

One member of your group should fork the [template repository](https://github.com/david-gary/onlineStoreTemplate) and add the other members as collaborators. The other members should then clone the forked repository to their local machines.

## Task 2: Team Information

Replace the following information with your team's information. Remember that two people working on the same file at the same time can cause merge conflicts, so be sure to communicate with your team members to avoid this. Before you make any changes, pull the latest changes from the `main` branch to your local machine. After you make your changes, commit and push them to the `main` branch. Alternatively, one person can make all required changes to this document and then push them to the `main` branch.

- **Team Member Name:** Derek Wang
  - **Github Username:** xAkai
  - **Niner Net ID:** dwang26
- **Team Member Name:** Miguel Hernandez
  - **Github Username:** IronsideGames
  - **Niner Net ID:** mherna61
- **Team Member Name:** Hrutvi Barad(HR barad)
  - **Github Username:** hbarad08
  - **Niner Net ID:** hbarad
- **Team Member Name:** Kyarash Aliasghari 
  - **Github Username:** KyaWither
  - **Niner Net ID:** kaliasgh

## Task 3: Commit and Push Changes

After you have made your changes, commit and push them to the `main` branch. If you need help handling a merge conflict, first check out the [Git documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-merge#_how_to_resolve_conflicts) on merge conflicts. If you still need help, reach out to the TAs.

## Task 4: Local Installations

- Follow the installation instructions in the [README.md](../../README.md) file to install the necessary dependencies for this project.
- Install `Graphviz` on your machine. You can find download instructions for your operating system [here](https://graphviz.org/download/).

## Submission Details

- On Canvas, submit the following:
  - The URL to your group's GitHub repository, with the latest version of your code pushed to the `main` branch.
