# Project 2: Design and Diagrams

## Introduction

In this phase, you will be mapping out your project and creating easily understandable diagrams that will help you and your team know your codebase inside and out. This also makes it much easier to communicate the flow of your application to less technical audiences or anyone who is new to your project. We will be using `pyreverse` and `plantuml` to help us create, update, and visualize our diagrams.

This activity will require you to generate Class, Package, Use Case, and Sequence diagrams for your project. If you are unfamiliar with these diagrams, you can find an in-depth explanation of each diagram type [here](https://www.uml-diagrams.org/) or reference [this article](https://nulab.com/learn/software-development/uml-diagrams-guide/).

Examples of each diagram type can be found throughout the subdirectories of the `docs/diagrams` directory. **Remember to split the work evenly and push and pull code often.**

## Task 1: Initial Structure Diagrams

- Each group member will create diagrams for at least one of the following subdirectories/files of your project:
  - `authentication`: requires a package diagram
  - `core`: requires both a package diagram and a class diagram
  - `database`: requires both a package diagram and a class diagram
  - `testing`: requires a package diagram

All of the above diagrams must be generated, so split this work evenly and push and pull code often. To generate a class diagram for a subdirectory or file, you must first generate the `plantuml` files using `pyreverse`. Then, you must use `plantuml` to generate the diagram from the `plantuml` file. Here's an example of how to do this for the package diagram for the `testing` subdirectory.

```bash
pyreverse --output puml --colorized -A --output-directory testing testing # generates testing/packages.puml
python3.10 -m plantuml testing/packages.puml # generates testing/packages.png
```

Since `testing` has no classes, we do not need a class diagram, but if we did, we would change the `testing/packages.puml` to `testing/classes.puml` in the last command.

- Delete the `.puml` files that do not have a corresponding `.png` file. For example, since `testing` has no classes, we would delete `testing/classes.puml`.
- Rename the `.png` and `.puml` files to match the diagram type and subdirectory/file they represent. For example, the `packages.png` file inside the `testing` subdirectory would be renamed to `testing_packages.png`.
- Move the `.png` and `.puml` files to the `docs/diagrams/system` directory.

## Task 2: Update Structure Diagrams

- Begin planning the implentations necessary to fulfill requirements listed in your `p1.md` file.
- For each change you plan to make, create a new `.puml` file for the corresponding diagram type.
  - For example, if I planned to add a new class called `Customer` to the `core` subdirectory, I might create a file called `core_classes_updated.puml` with its new contents containing the `Customer` class.
- As you did in the previous task, generate the `.png` files from the `.puml` files and move all of them to the `docs/diagrams/system` directory.

## Task 3: Use Case Diagrams

- Navigate to the `docs/diagrams/cases` directory.
- For each user type (actor) mentioned in your `p1.md` file, create an appropriately named `.puml` file showcasing the use cases for that actor.
  - For example, if I had an actor called `Customer`, I might create a file called `customer.puml` that looks like the file that comes with this template repository.
  - [PlantUML use case diagram documentation](https://plantuml.com/use-case-diagram)
- Generate a `.png` file from the `.puml` file.
  - Remember, running this from the `docs/diagrams/cases` directory will look something like: `python3.10 -m plantuml customer.puml`

## Task 4: Sequence Diagrams

- Navigate to the `docs/diagrams/sequences` directory.
- For each of the use cases shown in your use case diagrams, create an appropriately named `.puml` file showcasing the sequence of events for that use case and generate its corresponding `.png` file.
  - For example, if I had a use case called `Login`, I might create a file called `login.puml` that looks like the file that comes with this template repository.
  - [PlantUML sequence diagram documentation](https://plantuml.com/sequence-diagram)

## Submission Details

- On Canvas, submit the following:
  - The URL to your group's GitHub repository, with the latest version of your code pushed to the `main` branch.
